we're gonna change the front CV axle my
2006 f-150 now a lot of people say you
need to pull the starter out a little
bit to get the ax alone I'm actually
gonna take the steering knuckle off and
then we're gonna bust all those nuts
free at the back and then you gotta take
the 13 mil knot off the front and
hopefully we should be able to pull it
out with kind of moving it around now we
need to start pulling all the bolts or
the axle how's that is a 12-point 12 mil
socket very important oh you pull your
Ox load now you're gonna have a little
cap on that you're gonna have to peel
off first I would have mine off because
doing a whole bunch of other work at the
same time no we need to get it out I'm
gonna remove that nut right there
try to get some wiggle play in there
my plan is failed I don't want to pull
out drugs it can be kind of a bitch so
I'm gonna do loosen the nut off for the
upper control arm pop it out of place I
can bend this whole piece back to freeze
that axle up
there's no winning here at all it looks
like I'm gonna have to pull bolt out of
the struct knock it forward a little bit
and then pull the axle Oh
now this axle should just
once you free up the bullshit you can
slide the axle out to the bottom I was
trying to wrestle it out to the front
but you can't get through but now we're
gonna take it out and grab the new one
there's the new axle versus the older
happens these boots get all hard I tried
to still cone it up a little bit play a
slight tear in there but that didn't
hold out so he could just put a new
fucking boot on it but that's a lot of
hassle and it's probably gonna be fucked
soon enough anyway so I just bought a
new one
all right
I got some Loctite on these threads and
I'm gonna start feeding them in I found
it easiest put this nut in first and
then go ahead and spin your axle around
throw your bolts in snow already tighten
her up all right so all the fucking beer
time now put in that CV axle in what's
that too hard of a job I just didn't
want to come out the way I wanted it to
the way I had envisioned that in my head
so I have to take a few other steps I'm
sure other people have encountered
various other methods of getting it out
but this was the message that I had used
easier to drop it out through the back
you did have to move to strut in the end
and I popped the upper control arm off
so that I'm not putting a lot of stress
on the boot when I'm taking it in and
out so we'll see fuckin take you about
an hour less than an hour maybe hour and
a half depending on your skill level
anyways it's motherfucking beer time if
you have any questions or comments
supposed to blow otherwise thanks for
watching